Document client auth option for form file attachments (#448)
CloudCannon/platform-documentation: articles/connecting-your-site-to-an-inbox.mdx

```
</comp.CodeBlock>

Now when visitors to your site submit a file through your form, CloudCannon will save that file and then replace it with a link that you can use to access the file. You will need to log in to CloudCannon in order to see the file.

> If your form submissions are intended for anyone who uses Client Sharing, they will need to log in via the Client Sharing interface. When creating a new Inbox target, you can set the *Use Client Sharing to view attached files* option. If enabled, this option will ensure that all links to form submission files will use the Client Sharing interface. You can also toggle this option by clicking *File attachment settings* in the context menu for an existing Inbox target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want [Client Sharing](/documentation/articles/what-is-client-sharing/) users to access your form submissions, they must log in through the Client Login Page. When you add a new Inbox target and enable the *Use Client Sharing to view attached files* option, CloudCannon will ensure all form submission notification emails use a link to the Client Login Page. You can toggle this option for existing Inbox targets using the *File attachment settings* option in the Inbox *Context menu*.
```
